# hello-world
#### THIS REPO IS SIMPLY FOR HELPING ME LEARN TO USE GITHUB. I AM NEW TO PROGRAMMING AND USING VERSION CONTROL PROGRAMS. I RECENTLY STARTED LEARNING TO USE GIT BECAUSE THE ATOM IDE HAS A BUILT IN VERSION THAT MAKES IT A BIT EASIER. WHILE USING IT ON THERE, I REALIZED HOW VALUABLE VCS REALLY ARE. 
My name is Charles Wolfe. I am from New Orleans, LA. During the COVID-19 shutdown, I got bored and decided to start learning to code. The first language I came across when searching for " What language to learn " was python. So, needless to say, that is what I began learning. After about two weeks, I kind of slowed down. I was day trading to make money so almost all of my time was dedicated to finding trades. But around the end of May/beginning of June I started following the bootcamp course again. Two weeks into that second go around, **I got hooked! Since then I haven't been able to stop.**

Since then I have been learning as much as I can when ever I have free time. I probably spend 90% of my free time learning to code or learning about building software. Lately I have been more focused on trying to learn web development. Since learning Python, I learned HTML, CSS and a little bit of JAvaScript. That is what I am currently working on right now. My biggest problem is not being able to focus on one thing though. I get so excited about all the different aspects to software engineering or coding in general that I ended going down a rabbit hole wasting hours and hours on just reading and trying to learn as much as possible. 

I wish I had found this passion when I was going to college. I probably would have finished instead of spending 5 years switching majors lol. I don't know why but this industry really is so interesting to me. I have been trying to find a job in this field but no one even responds to my applications lol. I would honestly do anything to work for a tech company just for the learning experience. I would seriously work for minimum wage, just so I can learn more. If you happen to come across my profile, and you are hiring, I honestly would love to do anything in the software engineering space. 
